Allison, it's so good to see you.
Sarah and I were just having a little playtime.
I see.
That looks like you guys are having a great time.
You know, I was thinking.
If you and Robert have children of your own, do you think that you still have time for Sarah?
It appears that you suffered some damage during a previous childbirth.
It may make it harder for you to get pregnant again.
Actually, Allison and I may not be able to have children of her own.
What do you mean, dear?
I've had some medical tests done and can't have other children.
I can't believe that you didn't tell me about this.
Is it true?
It's okay, that's Sheila.
Sarah's more than enough for us.
Just can't believe it.
You're infertile.
I just can't wrap my mind around this.
Robert, you've always wanted children of your own.
I know I had Sheila, but he's been handling it really well.
Well, that's why Robert.
Robert, about the medical report.
Are you really infertile?
The doctor confirmed.
It just seems like such a coincidence, doesn't it?
Especially when I'm dealing with my own issues.
It does seem strange, right?
A life works in mysterious ways.
Maybe this is the universe's way of telling us that we're meant for each other.
Yeah, you're right.
We have each other.
We have Sarah.
We don't need anything else.
I guess we should go.
Come here.
I'm the Broadway boy!
Oh no!
It's you!
Okay.
There's something special coming to favorite people.
I thought I'm so sorry, Sarah.
I had no idea.
No, it's okay, Allison.
You couldn't have known.
She's safe now.
You don't like mushrooms?
Not really my favorite.
Not better?
I thought I'd see you.
Never my biggest fan.
But I truly believe that Robert and I were meant to be together.
Oh, you.
Let's cut to the chase, shall we?
I never thought that you were right for Robert.
Sure.
He was infatuated with you once, but based on my observations,
you don't have merely the amount of talent that you thought you once had.
How can you say that?
Robert, love me for my skills and creativity.
I'm warning you, June.
Do not mess with this marriage, especially now that Robert has found true love.
You think Allison is so perfect?
Well, let me tell you something, Sheila.
Your precious Allison has been hiding something from all of you.
What are you talking about?
Allison gave birth to a child years ago before she met Robert.
And now she's been told she can't have any more kids.
How do you think Robert will feel when he finds out his perfect wife has been lying to him?
It's to have children on your own and offer, Allison.
You've faked that fertility test, too, didn't you?
Um, Allison is my wife.
I love her. I've made my choice.
And Sarah is our daughter.
That's all that matters.
What about your future?
What about your legacy?
You were supposed to marry a liar, Allison.
You were meant to be mine and then he betrayed me.
Ran off that rich, pretty boy.
I don't know what you're talking about. Let me go!
Oh, not going anywhere.
You can see him. You're gonna be my new wife.
Jason, do something she's still not answering.
I'll hack into the city surveillance system.
See if I can track her movements.
Hold on, Allison. I'm coming for you.
You know, I've been watching you.
Seeing you playhouse with that rich bastard.
What made me sick?
Wait, who are Bob Johnson, the guy who responded to my ad?
You don't have to do this, okay?
We can talk about it and find a solution.
No, I don't have to.
Allison, if I can't have you, I don't think anybody can.
Boss, I've got a name.
The man who took Allison, it's Bob Johnson.
Bob Johnson?
That's the guy Allison was supposed to marry from where I had.
You're so beautiful for this school.
And now, I'm gonna make you mine.
No, please don't! Please!
Please don't!
Allison, it's okay. I'm here. I'm here.
You're safe now.
This place.
This is my home.
I'm sorry, I don't understand. I thought you were just an employee.
Yeah, I need to tell you the truth.
I'm not an employee at MJ Group.
I'm the CEO.
Wait till you've been lying to me this whole time?
Allison, when I first saw you at the coffee shop, I was captivated.
You were so beautiful, so special, I fell for you instantly.
I wanted to tell you sooner I did, but you sat down before and the chance.
Why didn't you just trust me enough to tell me the truth?
Because I was afraid. I know, and I should have told you sooner, and I am sorry for that.
I just wanted you to love me for who I am.
Ronford, I love you for your heart, not your bank account, okay?
You should have known that I love you for everything that you are.
You're never gonna lose me, okay?
Allison, I am so happy that you're safe.
She loves you, I'm so happy you're here.
Yeah, a couple of the things.
Sheila is my mom, not my aunt, and Peter is my brother.
Well, I am so happy to meet you guys as Robert's family.
Allison, I realize that you've been through a lot.
We need to have a conversation about MJ Group.
With a company this large, it is essential that we have an anger.
Robert, if you continue to prioritize this marriage over your family, I simply cannot support it.
I cannot accept Allison as your wife.
Look, I understand where she's coming from.
I mean, she just wants what's best for you and the company.
Peter, I need you to start preparing to take over as the heir of the MJ Group.
What? Are you seriously giving up your birthright? Your legacy?
For Allison, she means everything to me. I won't want anything come between us, not even the company.
I hope you know what you're doing, brother. This is a huge sacrifice.
I'm gonna have so much fun today.
Allison, come here, I want to show you something.
Okay, how much you go play outside and I'll go meet in a second. Okay, have fun.
Robert always had such a strange heart, even as a little boy.
But the wife of a wealthy CEO is not an easy path.
I want to give you something.
This was handed down through generations of Johnson's women.
Allison, if you truly love him, you might need to think about letting him go,
so he could fulfill his destiny to the MJ Group.
It's all in here, Peter. Transfer power, corporate structure.
You're officially the heir of the MJ Group. Are you sure about this, Robert?
Once done, there's no going back. I've never been more sure of anything.
Allison is my life.
Robert, what have you done?
Allison has already agreed to leave you, so you could fulfill your destiny.
What?
She can't... I have to fight her.
No, Robert. Robert!
Allison?
Are you sick?
Here, this will settle your stomach.
I can't do this.
I can't be the reason that you give up everything.
Promise me what to do, okay?
Promise me that you'll let me keep Sarah, okay?
And you can still have children with someone else.
This.
Allison, can you imagine my life without you?
I love you more than anything.
But I can not be a burden to you.
Longs to you and your family.
It's better this way.
So we can't see the pain.
I'm the person of love.
Who's my reservation?
I guess that's what happens when you cross the future, so you use life.
You should have known better than the WAP against June.
I will pack my things and be up by the end of the day.
Mom, I know you care about the company.
But can't you see how I love Robert and Allison are with each other?
Is that what you can first?
I don't know what to do.
Right?
I want Robert to be happy.
I do.
But I also want to ensure that the future are finishing.
Not so fast, Allison.
I know what you're trying to do.
What are you talking about?
We just walk out of here with company property.
I won't let you get away with it.
Company property?
No, I haven't taken anything that is in my own, but you have.
And until you return what you stole, you're not going anywhere.
Listen, she stole from our client.
Adam Rodriguez.
No, Adam gave that to me for his bad behavior.
Like, I didn't steal it, I promise.
She's just trying to cover her tracks.
Once a thief, always a thief.
We can't trust her.
She's probably been stealing all along.
Little Miss Allison caught stealing red-handed.
Can't say I'm surprised.
Jason.
Perfect timing.
Allison has just been caught stealing from our client.
I trust that you'll hinder this matter appropriately.
Actually, Jim.
This is all a big misunderstanding.
Mad evidence to prove it.
These are designs created by Allison, David seven years ago.
And these are the designs Jim submitted as her own six years ago.
That is absurd.
Allison must have stolen them from me.
They still lied, Jim.
No, but Allison does lie.
Allison's designs predate yours.
It's clear that you're the one who's been stealing.
Not her.
This is ridiculous, Jason.
What I am the CEO of is what you will pay for your insolence.
I'm afraid they'll be happening, Jim.
I'm actually glad each of you are here,
because I have an important announcement to make.
Allison and I are married.
She's my wife.
In the future of MJ Group.
Robert, how could she go back to what I loved you?
You want to talk to me about cruelty, Jim?
You don't know what cruelty truly is.
She deserved it.
And you, Adam.
Don't think you're getting off so easy.
What are you talking about?
The $50 million you extorted from me.
Did you really think you'd get away from it?
Blackmail and extortion are serious crimes.
You'll be in prison for a long time.
I'd like to see you try.
Please.
Adam Rodriguez and June Davis, you're under arrest for attempted murder,
blackmail, and extortion.
Bird.
This is ridiculous.
You ruined everything.
Little...
Some will call an ambulance.
Big, what happened?
You fell, dear.
You're going to be okay.
Mrs. Johnson, is you awake?
I have some wonderful news for you.
Congratulations.
You're pregnant.
I'm pregnant.
I'm gonna have a baby?
Uh-huh.
This is amazing.
I can't believe it.
Alison, are you okay?
It makes it something about a growth.
A growth, yes.
But not the kind you're thinking of, Robert.
I'm pregnant.
I'm gonna have a baby.
Uh-huh.
Our baby.
I love you so much.
You make me the happiest man in the world.
Hi.
Everyone.
Alison and I have some incredible news.
We're spacing a baby.
Oh, what?
Really?
Yeah.
Oh, what a beautiful girl.
Here.
Alison, it's Sarah.
There's been an accident at the daycare.
What?
What happened?
Is she gonna be okay?
She's in a medical condition.
It needs an immediate blood transfusion.
But a blood type is RH negative.
The hospital's struggling to find a match.
I'm RH negative.
I can donate the blood.
It's gonna go wide right now.
Mr. Johnson's, according to the test results,
you're not just a match for Sarah.
You're a direct relative.
What?
Robert, is everything okay?
Is everything okay with Sarah?
Can we talk?
Yeah.
There's something I need to tell you.
About five years ago, the Crown Hotel,
slept with someone I didn't know.
Five years ago, Celina can't remember.
Do you think it's possible that we...
There's only one way to find out.
I don't know how to explain this,
but Mrs. Johnson's, you're the biological mother.
Good.
Sarah's her daughter.
Pumped at her own child.
At this time, she was ours.
A piece of us.
Hey, Alison.
My love.
Even though our journey started by chance,
with everything we've been through,
I know we're meant to be.
You've loved me unconditionally,
even when I didn't deserve it.
And now I'm gonna ask you,
my story.
Alison Miller,
will you do me the honor of becoming my wife?
Yes, yes, a thousand times.
Mommy and Dad are getting married again.
That's right, Princess.
This time, that's right.